# Config

uitabot uses a JSON configuration format.

## Discord
Discord API options. These values can be generated by registering a Discord account and creating an application with the [official API](https://discord.com/developers/applications/).

* `client` *(object)*: OAuth authentication
    * `id` *(str)*: Client ID
    * `secret` *(str)*: Client secret
* `token` *(str)*: Auth token for bot to connect with

## Youtube
Youtube API options. These values can be generated by registering a Google account and creating an API key with the [official documentation](https://developers.google.com/youtube/v3/).

* `api_key` *(str)*: API key for Youtube

## Bot
Backend configuration options.

* `domain` *(str)*: Domain name to listen on (`localhost`, `example.com`, etc).
* `port` *(int)*: Port to listen on.
* `database` *(str)*: Database file location. Can be `:memory:` for in-memory nonpersistent storage.
* `verbose_logging` *(bool)*: Enable for more verbose logging of events and actions.
* `trial_mode` *(object)*: Trial mode can be used to have the bot automatically leave servers a short while after joining.
    * `enabled` *(bool)*: Enable trial mode
    * `server_whitelist` *(List[str])*: List of Discord server IDs that the bot will not automatically leave.

## Client
Frontend configuration options.

* `domain` *(str)*: Domain name of webserver hosting the frontend.
* `port` *(int)*: Port to connect to.

## SSL
SSL configuration options.

* `cert_file` *(str)*: Location of SSL cert file. Can be left empty to disable SSL.
* `key_file` *(str)*: Location of SSL key file. Can be left empty to disable SSL.
